Should be far enough
from civilization out here.
'cause who knows
what's about to go down.
A job-change quest.
I had to get to level 40
for this thing to even pop up.
I don't need a key to access it like I
did with those other two dungeons.
but it's also unlike the penalty
and emergency quests.
since I wasn't forced into
carrying it out immediately.
So it's optional.
and I've been given plenty of time
to decide if I wanna do it or not.
guess that means
it's gonna be more difficult.
But it's also safe to assume this will
let me earn skills best suited to my job.
This quest will make me stronger.
Yes.
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
Uh. I forgot to do my daily quest.
Eh. I can do it when I get back.
All right. nice.
It's almost like everything leading
up to this was prep for the real game.
Wonder what sort of fun stuff
is waiting inside?
Least it won't be boring.
Sorry I'm late.
Actually.
you're right on time. Jinsung.
It's been quite a while. hasn't it?
It has.
Nothing out of the ordinary.
What?
I can't use potions or
full recovery in this place?
I also can't leave
until I finish the quest.
I'm gonna need to be extra careful.
An armor-type beast.
Hm.
Not a scratch?
You're durable.
Tough to break that kind of armor.
But...
I've done it before!
I wasted a Fatal Strike
on that beast.
Can't recover my mana either
so that's great.
But...
It isn't like you tin cans care.
Is it?
What's wrong. Jinho?
You've barely touched
your food at all.
N-nothing's wrong.
Jinsung. how are things going
with establishing the guild?
I heard the two S-Ranks you reached
out to have both declined your offer.
Well. you heard correctly. then.
Both Mister Min and
Miss Cha turned me down.
But not to worry.
I'm negotiating with hunters from
Europe and the Middle-east as we speak.
They're likely to sign
if we agree to their terms.
It will be similar to the case
of Dongsoo Hwang.
Smart move.
Yeah. very smart.
-Jinho.
-Hm?
I know that you've been working
on something of your own in secret.
Going out of your way to buy
all these C-Rank gate rights.
trying to establish
your hunting credentials.
Which is fine.
for a personal project.
if you stay in your lane.
He thinks he knows.
but he has no idea.
I have the boss on my side.
And. with the power he has...
Damn. even I'm tired
after fighting non-stop.
I could use a break...
Stealth?
Now beasts are using that skill. too?
And here comes a mage.
casting light magic. no less.
What are the odds of that?
Low. I'm sure.
Add in the armor. and I'm
essentially reliving my past battles.
I knew this quest
would be a tough one!
Different kinds of beasts have
different kinds of weaknesses.
You need strength for knights. perception
for assassins. and agility for archers.
I wouldn't be able to damage
knights without enough strength.
I wouldn't sense assassins
without enough perception.
My weak spot. though. is mages.
The Intellect stat's gotta
be the one that counters them.
but it's also the one
I haven't invested in.
Less intellect means less mana.
so I can't afford to waste skills.
Then there's my fatigue.
I need to end this!
Excellent.
I do believe this is everyone.
It's time.
Beasts dropping canteens.
Almost feel like
I should thank you guys.
Huh?
A High-Rank Knight's Chestplate?
I haven't really experimented
with gear much.
It's invisible. Nice.
I'm glad I don't have to stand out.
Doesn't restrict movement either.
I'm not fully restored
yet so it's hard to tell.
I leveled up. at least.
Scored some gold and items. too.
Fatigue's gone. so...
Hm.
I better go see what
the next stage has in store.
Well. my next challenge
is waiting behind this door.
Whatever it is. I have
a bad feeling about it.
But if the only way out is through.
then. just have to press on.
That's not a good sign.
Some kind of throne room.
It's different...
but... also eerily similar.
My body remembers this.
it's the same pressure I felt
in the double dungeon.
All this intensity
is coming from him.
Knight Commander Igris the Bloodred.
Threat level's red. too.
He's unlike anything
I've ever fought.
A knight who defends an empty throne.
Let's go!
He cut that pillar like
it was a tree branch!
This is beyond just strong!
His heavy armor doesn't
slow him down at all.
Still nothing!
We're equals in terms of speed.
but he's way more powerful.
And my dagger can't pierce his armor.
Do I have any hope
of beating this guy?
He's tougher than I first thought.
Still...
Different beasts
have different weaknesses.
so if a weapon's not effective.
I'll just switch things up.
Let's throw hands.
Chivalry's not dead. I guess.
Must think this'll be easy.
Come in.
I'm surprised you haven't gone
home for the evening. sir.
I'm not quite ready to call it a day.
Thought I'd tackle this stack
of work that's been piling up.
Great minds think alike. then.
I've been clearing some non-urgent
items off my plate. as well.
It's really happening.
Hm.
Well. speak of the devil.
Let me guess.
you're heading out soon.
Yes. I can't express
how grateful I am
you approved this operation.
but I'd still like to try.
so thank you.
No thanks needed.
You got the green light because
you kept Jeju's name afloat.
All of those TV and print
interviews really paid off.
Thanks to you. the island
has stayed relevant.
and that helped sway public opinion.
The only thing I'm responsible
for is tipping the scales a little.
You don't expect criticism
for kicking a hornet's nest?
I do. but I'll take the brunt of it.
Just be careful out there.
Jeju Island is serious stuff.
I'm fully aware. sir.
Our main goal is
to assess threat levels.
Well. for now. at least.
We'll prod the enemy first
and gauge how they respond.
As diligent as ever. I see.
That third raid on Jeju...
never really ended for me.
It's like the battle
is still going on.
So fast!
I blocked him. but...
I think I still lost 500 HP!
Equipping armor was a good choice.
Taking that attack full on
might've killed me.
And that was without his damn sword!
He's too strong!
I can't compete
with his brute strength.
but I have the speed!
I can't...
That passive skill raised my defense!
That oughta do.
Hm.
No.
I...
haven't lost yet!
That dagger can't change owners!
It'll go to my inventory.
and then right back to me!
Too shallow. stab deeper!
I won. didn't I?
Man. that was close.
More of a fluke than a win.
He had me beat in ability.
technique. experience.
Surpassed me on every level.
Death was one screw up away.
Huh. I just got four rewards?
A pouch with a
crap-ton of gold in it.
And someone was kind enough
to leave me his helmet.
Whoa. check the rank!
Sure. the Demon's Castle key
was S-Rank. too.
but this is the very first S-Rank
piece of gear I've earned.
Huh. Reduces physical
damage by 15 percent.
and gives a 20-point boost
to strength and vitality!
Now we're talking.
And uh. the Ruler's Hand stone.
What skill is that?
Guess I'll figure it out later.
And lastly. a teleportation stone.
It won't go in my inventory.
Shouldn't this have dropped
before I beat the boss?
Unless. no. don't tell me.
This isn't over yet.
So the quest begins now?
What the hell?
What's this all about?
Huh. Good luck. huh?
Yeah. thanks.
A timer? Is this infinite?
If they were as strong as this one here.
I would be overwhelmed in seconds.
But I can handle guys
like these easily enough.
Though. there are quite a few.
No good!
I keep fighting. but the gates
keep puking up more and more!
The whole point is to see
how long I last.
So...
Stealth costs 200 mana to activate.
then one mana every second it's in use.
With 190 left.
I can buy at least three minutes!
They saw through Stealth?
Damn!
All right. then!
No Stealth or Murderous Intent!
How long's it been?
Only five minutes?
I can't keep going. I hate to.
but I've gotta use the stone.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm